YAHOO IS REPORTING THAT RUSSIAN
PRESIDENT VLADIMIR PUTIN-- OR
IN CANADA, "POUTINE" I BELIEVE
IS HOW THEY PRONOUNCE IT--
AND HIS WIFE OF 30 YEARS ARE
SPLITTING UP, AND I ASKED YOU
TO GIVE ME A LINE FROM HIS
DATING PROFILE ON okkremlin.com.
LET'S SEE WHAT YOU WROTE.
ARDEN MYRIN.
>> (RUSSIAN ACCENT)
(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)
>> Chris: THE TAG IS PERFECT,
"CAR IS DOWNSTAIRS."
>> I DIDN'T KNOW...
DO WE ALL HAVE TO DO THE VOICE?
I DON'T WANT TO DO THE VOICE.
>> Chris: YOU DON'T HAVE TO DO
THE VOICE.
YOU CAN DO A SLIGHTLY BUZZED
AUSTRALIAN ACCENT.
(CHEERING)
>> Chris: OH, GOOD.
"I'M SORRY, I'M SOCHI."
HE'S BEING SARCASTIC.
KATE WALSH.
(APPLAUSE)
>> CHRIS: WELL DONE.